This file is used to help provide older releases. Please download the attached
.tar.gz file to get the particular release.
----
MacSim v2.0.1

Fixes to GTX580 parameter file

----
MacSim v2.0.0

There are several major changes made since last release. (The svn repository
already has the latest version.)

  1. MacSim's Trace Format has been changed along with the trace
     configuration file format. For verification purposes, a few
     sample traces conforming to the new trace file format are
     included in this release. For your convenience, more x86 sample
     traces from spec2006 will also be provided.

     o To make sure your installation is complete (./build.py), please
       go check using $MACSIM_ROOT/bin/macsim binary. It searches for
       newly built executable and runs traces listed in
       trace_file_list to completion.

     o Please download sample traces provided in googlecode page and
       extract them under $MACSIM_ROOT/trace/ directory. You may need
       to modify trace_file_list to run more traces other than the
       included ones.

  2. MacSim is now compatible with Mac OS X.

     o We resolved a few compilation issues that arises with Mac
       environment.

     o Please note that only g++-4.7 is fully tested and other
       versions of compilers are not yet fully supported.

  3. Added SST-3.0.0 compatibility

     o There have been a lot of changes made to SST framework (The
       Structural Simulation Toolkit developed by Sandia National
       Laboratory) since its last release. We have made a transition
       from an older version of SST APIs to a newer version to make it
       compatible with SST-3.0.0.

----
MacSim v1.2.0

This tag is prepared before the decoupling of trace decoder is made.

----
MacSim v1.1.0

Note: We've made transition from our googlecode repository and this version is
up here only for the convenience. There is no modification at all from the
previously released one.

----
Initial MacSim release version (v1.0.0)

Note: We've made transition from our googleccode repository and this version is
up here only for the convenience. There is no modification at all from the
previously released one.
